don't you know you created the whole
ghost thing is some kind of an elaborate
trap then I realized you believe that
it's a passive-aggressive the
masterpiece first time I met you
whatever wanted was to spend the rest of
my life with you what can happen now
sooo cold huh man was froze to death
playing here wet naked pretending to be
electrocuted
hey COO
how are you doing are you let's go get
your ball come on come on
Jody its Norman if you're there pick up
please it's Norman oh listen Claire and
I had a had a terrible Brock - you could
do me a favor
hitless leak at the lab could you check
on her in the morning
eternally worried about
you